And that real run delivered.
We gave Immortals a genuine build — a weekly research digest: a Cloudflare backend plus a Chrome extension, end to end.
Four steps, three specialists, real agents.
It passed all eight of our pre-registered success criteria.
The code it shipped: seventy-eight of seventy-eight tests passing, type-clean.
But here is the moment that matters.
The critic agent — on its own — caught a critical flaw the first plan missed: summarizing one item at a time would blow a hard platform limit and abort the whole digest.
The coder fixed it with batching.
The team produced better architecture than the plan it was handed.
Honest caveat: the agents build and test headlessly — the final deploy is still a human click.
But that is not one yes-man chatbot.
That is a real, critical team.